[Music]
from universal pictures
the blues are back i'm getting the band
back together
the last time they played anywhere they
were charged with grand
larceny felonious motor vehicle assault
and damages in excess of 20 million
and you are asking me if i want to join
this bang
i could show you all the moves my god
help us this is mighty mac the new lead
singer in the band
[Music]
john goodman joe morton james brown
aretha franklin bb
king paul shaffer erica badou travis
tritt
bo diddley dr john steve wynwood wilson
pickett blues traveler johnny lang
and many more the blues brothers band i
thought you guys were all in jail
[Music]
so
written by dan aykroyd and john landis
directed by john landis
[Music]